[Theme music]
Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
My name is Andrew Hunter very unjoined by James Harkin and Anna Tijenski to present a selection of your best facts.
You the audience, you've been emailing podcast@kyoid.com
by gum you have been and we've got some facts that we're going to be telling you now.
Who's got a fact? Please someone stop this introduction.
I'll stop it. I've got a fact.
It's from a Manuel funk or funk maybe, but there's not a little couple of dots.
A num loud.
Huge fat, thank you, a num loud.
Could be a diaresis depending on the word.
But diaresis is a more embarrassing word to say, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah. I've got diaresis, yeah, yeah.
I'm a huge fan of the show. Thank you, Manuel.
And he's got a fact that sounds like it was scripted by a lazy novelist, he said.
But apparently we mentioned German.
Why did you not give yourself this one, Andy?
Okay, that's rude.
And his new book is out soon.
The recently dismissed coach or fortuna Dusseldorf is named Marcus Anfang,
which translates to beginning and he's been replaced by Alexander Ender.
And Andy, you speak German, do you know what Ender is?
I think I do, yeah. End.
It's End, beginning and so there we go.
And then he said, as an added fun facts, Marcus Anfang is no stranger to strange headlines
in 2021, he was fired because he'd faked his COVID vaccine.
That's so cool, that fun.
Faked vaccine?
Yeah, well, in the United, I've just had the little piece of paper that says you've had it
and then written it down and stuff.
Yeah, sorry, yeah, it feels like you've got to go to a lot of effort to fake a whole,
like, fake a vaccination centre, fake leather staff, fake a queue.
He did the paper, yeah, he didn't inject himself with saline solution.
Wow, okay, that was really good.
That was really good, and we like to collect that.
Yeah, it's interesting, because normally you send me the funny football names, Andy.
Yeah, I think you might have one.
I do, can I read it quickly while we're on the subject?
Yeah.
This came from Roy Mundy and we've done a fact about West Broadmanage has been called
Ron Don, Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny Ronny.
But he said in 1969, Aston Villa had three midfielders on their books, Jimmy Brown, Barry Hull and
Oscar As.
This meant the midfield was a Brown As the whole.
Oh my god.
And I would just like to say to Roy that I would pronounce his name Oscar Asse.
Oh, I agree.
Yeah, would you?
No, I'm fairly confident that that's how everyone pronounced at the time.
That's amazing though.
But James, the mispronouncing for comic effect is now a long established fish tradition,
I think.
Yes, I thought it was your trademark.
Yeah.
I just wish I was a commentator in the 1960s, and it's Brown As.
Oh.
You'd be mulped, you'd be lynched at the time, wouldn't you?
For what?
For being that rude on air, as in would you not, you'd be in huge trouble, I guess you'd
say.
You were only reading people's names.
You were the names, your honour.
What about Uwe Fuchs, the German Brown German?
Yeah.
There was a famous footballer whose name is basically Fuchs, isn't it?
Yeah, that's true.
There's been lots of funny names.
What about Ariola, the goalkeeper?
Ariola's not rude.
It's a bit rude.
What?
Ariola Grande.
She's rude.
There's always, whenever he messes up, because he's a goalkeeper, they always say he made
a bit of a set of himself.
But today, that's very good.
That's very good.
It's a mean name to give your kid, there's no questioning that.
It's a surname.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I think so.
Here's one from Lacklan Harris.
This is about, there's an American chain of membership warehouse stores.
You know those things where you have to be a member, but you go and you get big discounts,
right?
Oh, I know what you mean, yeah.
Is it cash and carry?
Yeah, we have them in the UK, for sure.
So there's a chain that started in the 70s in the USA and it's called Price Club.
That is because it was founded by sole price.
Price Club was later bought by Costco, but then sole price was forced out and he then started
Price Smart.
So, just with his friend, Julie Smart, do you think there's diminishing returns of these
things, Andy?
Because I think they've rather diminished after the first week.
That's interesting.
I think, like, Stuart Lee, I'm going to keep going and as long as they're flooding into
the inbox and they are, it's just...
Half the inbox is now these.
I have to say, it's not diminishing returns for me because I've obviously arrived at the
very tail end when everyone else is rolling their eyes and they can feel themselves when
you say it.
You think it's the tail end, and we've got further to roll.
You know where a snake's tail begins, because it's not where at the very end.
We're just at the neck bit.
This is also the tail.
This is a very, very long tail.
I can handle it.
Well, let's have another fact.
All right, I'll give you another fact.
Actually, this is one of my favourite facts I've ever heard.
So this is sent in by Sam Cornish, but he or she, Sam, could be either, and you haven't
specified, and you've got two daughters, but that doesn't tell me your...
No, it doesn't.
Because men can have daughters, too.
Wow.
You're such a feminist, Sam.
I know.
It's just say they.
So they, thank you, they wrote in saying, because it plays in the car when I'm driving
my team.
All of them, including the daughters.
Jesus Christ.
This one person said, because it plays in the car, well, I'm driving my team.
My two daughters, Charlotte, who's 11 and Harriet, who's eight, have gotten to facts and jokes,
I don't know where they're getting the jokes from.
But they'll always request to put the podcast on, and they've recently learned some facts
about guinea pigs and wanted me to send this in.
And this is the fact, which I didn't know, and it's extraordinary.
They poo while they're eating up to 1,000 times a day, but if they aren't eating, they
can't poo.
That's so awkward.
Oh, wow.
And guinea pigs digestion seems to work like, it's like if you shove something through
a tunnel.
So if you put it in your mouth, it pushes something out the bottom, but as soon as you stop
like how electrons go through a wire.
Yeah.
Or how my brain works.
Something go in, something go out.
As Helva Simpson said, it's like when I went to that wide-tasted event and I forgot how
to drive.
That's very cool.
Gosh, human society will be completely different, wouldn't it?
Well, it will be completely different.
Reference will be very different.
Well, public toilets would be, right?
Yeah.
Because you would go to a public toilet, and you know when you go in and you first check
if there's any toilet paper, you'd actually be first checking that there was a hot dog
machine.
I don't know what was the point of a toilet, because you don't need the loo, surely.
What?
You don't need the loo until you go into the toilet in the hot dog.
Yeah, but these hapses don't just say, okay, I've got the optimum amount of food and
waste in my body now, so I'm just not going to eat or go to the loo.
No, I guess.
I don't know how they know they need the loo though.
You get hungry, wouldn't you?
So restaurants would have to come with, with porcelain under every table, during which
year?
They'd be the same thing.
There would be no toilets and no restaurants.
They'd be the same.
And the thing is, what would we focus on?
Would we call them restaurants?
That.
And toilets disappear.
Or would toilets just be the places we went with friends in the evening?
I've booked us in a lovely toilet in a room, that's toilet.
But I'm not hungry, because you're a guinea pig, mate.
Yeah, so thank you, Charlotte and Harriet.
That's fantastic.
I have a fact that I've been trying to push on you guys for months, and you've never gone
with it.
So I don't think we're ever going to do it.
But there was a geneticist, his surname was Sewell, I can't remember his first name, but
he did lots of work with guinea pigs.
And he would always carry guinea pigs with him wherever he went.
And when he was lecturing, he would keep them under his armpits to keep them nice and
warm.
And one time he was doing the lecture and absolutely tilt one of the guinea pigs out
from under his armpit and started rubbing out the chalk from the board with it.
What the hell.
There's too many things about that, can't be true.
I love that.
That's probably why we'd never gone with it.
I love it.
They go.
All the time.
You wouldn't be able to do anything you said.
Yeah.
Especially if they're being squeezed in an armpit, I guess.
That's a real pressure point.
You know, you'd have to have your arms quiet.
He must have been quite muscular to have his arms a bit further out, because I keep my
arms by my sides.
He must have had an extra bit of shoulder that poked out a bit further, and then his arms
fell down from that and left a gap.
Have you ever eaten guinea pig?
No.
But I've never been to South America.
I have.
You've done both.
Both.
Yeah.
I'm one corresponded with the other.
But yeah, I did eat guinea pig, and I'll need a little bit from my wife's plate, because I
didn't feel like I could order it myself.
And it was not very nice, and that's, yeah, really not really.
Good anecdote.
I agree.
That's what we've always said about small animals.
Yeah.
The meat wasn't so bony.
It was.
Tiny steaks, aren't they?
Yeah.
You'd have it maybe in a regu or something, but on its own, it's a bit of a sad proposition,
I think.
Partly because they give love and happiness to so many children in the world over.
They're a burden.
Okay.
All parents wish they could be eaten by the end of the day.
But in Peru, they are eaten all the time.
Street food.
Like crisps.
So I do want to do that.
You were talking about driving with this family who go driving a listen to fish.
Here is one about someone driving as well.
This comes from Ferreri Dawn and they said that in August 2026, 200 metres of New Zealand
State Highway 1 will be shipped to Singapore for repairs.
What?
That's a long way.
Actually, I wonder if we should ship our potholes there, though.
Well, the actual thing is that they're talking about the ferry, the links in North and South
Islands through the Cuckstreet, and legally it's considered a road, and they're in disrepair
at the moment the ferries and so they're sending them to Singapore to be fixed.
Legally, it's a road.
The ferry?
The ferry's a road, yeah.
Wow.
That's cool, isn't it?
That's really cool.
That feels like satnav.
I've got some real cock-ups there.
Yeah.
Your road isn't present.
The road's moved.
Yeah.
Because, like, most people, I think, are a lot of people would fly between the North and South
Islands.
Obviously, if you can't do that, or if you're taking lots of, like, the person who
you wrote in for Erie Don is a trucker, actually wrote this email while staring at Mount
Dune.
Wow.
Which is the big mountain in the middle of the North Island.
From Lord of the Rings.
Yeah.
It's filmed there.
And basically, you would have to go across the Cuckstreet, but it is, we've been to Wellington,
it's the windiest city in the world.
It's a very, very dodgy place to cross.
The last time we were there on tour, I went for a jog, and I thought it was very windy.
And that is a great anecdote, Andy.
What is it worst that the get a bit of a guinea pig once?
Just say, yeah, I think it is, really, because how many of the listeners do you think have
ever been for a jog, how many of them have eaten guinea pigs?
So what I'm hearing is that mine was relatable, and he also was esoteric, but you can't say
you're a late of a anecdote.
Do you know what?
I got up in the morning and everyone else is going, "Me too!"
Come on, Andy.
That story kills in a live setting.
I promise.
I played golf and we're last in Wellington, and golf is a game where you really do not want
it to be windy.
Yeah.
It's very, very difficult.
Still not relatable, see?
And yeah, it works.
Right, here's another one.
This is from an anonymous source, I don't know why, but the fact is this, Miami University
is located in Oxford.
Miami University is located in Oxford.
Miami is a, there's a public research university called Miami University, which is in Oxford.
In the UK?
No.
Oxford is in Ohio.
Okay.
Miami is in Florida.
Which Miami University is not.
So.
And the Americans, they're messed up.
But it's also in Luxembourg.
It has an outreach center in Luxembourg, but they thought this is Miami University.
Is it the Luxembourg that's in Luxembourg, or there is actually a larger area of Luxembourg
that is in Belgium, I think?
Oh, where's that so?
I think so.
What called Luxembourg?
Yeah, yeah.
No, this is in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
Yeah.
But this is Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
Miami, of course, the place Miami in Ohio is named after the Miami people who came from
Florida, but Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio.
What?
Well, they were originally also called the Twattwa.
So I think Miami is a better name.
That was the Ayatollah's death wish against you, wasn't it?
I wish you the Twattwa against Andrew Hotsavari, we all wish we could.
Okay, another one.
Yes.
This is from someone called Big Puna from California.
First name, big second name, Puna.
I can only imagine.
Yep.
I'm writing to you about the eucalyptus trees in California, lots of them.
And apparently they're just one big scam.
So in California, they needed loads of timber in the 19th and 20th century.
And someone started a rumor, he says the geniuses in Australia started rumors about how amazing
eucalyptus trees were for building because there are loads of eucalyptus trees in Australia.
Okay.
So I guess they managed to get this rumor spreading that you should buy out so they're
really good for building.
They're not.
They're rubbish.
I think eucalyptus is quite soft, but very soft wood.
So they sent a bunch over.
Imagine how nice your house would smell though.
That's really important.
You'd never get a cold.
Yeah.
Worth it, even if you are in a three little pigs kind of fable a year later, when the wolf's
blown it down.
But yeah, there's eucalyptus trees now all over California, it's kind of known for them,
smells of it because they were meant for building it, it turns out you can't build anything
out of them.
So.
That's great.
A lot of Antibody and stuff today.
Australia, New Zealand.
Oh, yes.
I've got something related to Ireland.
Oh, yeah.
The Roma Catholic Church says gluten-free communion wafers cannot transubstantiate into
the body of Christ.
What?
Gluten-free.
Why?
Is that the special ingredient?
You have to have gluten in it.
That's where Jesus is.
He must be hiding in the gluten.
Very exciting.
I select the God particle and it's gluten.
Yeah.
That's.
Scream.
Hegs both on, guys, in Switzerland.
Yeah.
It's all in English.
The boat, apparently.
That's huge.
So.
The reason I mention Ireland is because there's a very high proportion of celiacs in Ireland
and obviously a lot of Roman Catholics as well.
So this is a particular problem there.
So they do sell gluten-free hosts that have got so little gluten in that you can legally
call them gluten-free.
Right.
And even the worst celiacs hopefully won't be too affected by them.
So if you saw them on the shelves, it would say gluten-free.
Yeah.
But they call them low gluten because if you call them gluten-free, the priests will
say it's gluten-free, so we can't use this.
This is insane.
I would have thought that one way for most people would not call for any.
If you're celiac.
Yeah.
If you're celiacs, it really is a really good thing.
So my dad is celiac and it's just, it's poison to him, basically.
Right.
Yeah.
But there must be moments when you're debating things as the Catholic church, when you're
like writing down and how much exactly gluten should there be in the way that, where
you go, this must be a bit bullshit now.
What are we doing?
Well, I've got good news.
There is a loophole.
And that is that you can take the body of Christ just as the blood of Christ, and it's all
the same.
So you can just have the wine, lovely stuff, but you have to make sure, like usually during
transubstantiation, they break some bread and put it in the wine, like when they're doing
all the rigmarole.
Okay.
So you have to make sure that hasn't happened, and also that there's no contamination with
other people.
So you kind of need your own hip flask.
God, it must be so annoying when the celiac I rocked up the church.
Oh, is there again?
Yeah.
But if you're an alcoholic and a celiac and you're a child, this is oral.
So what happens with the wine there, as in, is that alcohol-free, can you know why?
It's not allowed to be alcohol-free either.
So it's alcohol and gluten?
I feel really like we've made progress with the whole thing today.
Jesus lives in the alcohol in the gluten.
Yeah.
Cool.
Well, no, it can make complete sense now actually.
You think for omnipresence, you'd also be in the nonglutin bit of a wafer.
Well, gluten is just the protein that holds it together.
I didn't know what gluten was either of that.
I leured you into explaining what gluten is.
You're going to just ask, "I didn't know, no, no, no, no, no, no, I thought..."
I hate the way you do this at me, instead of asking people questions.
And like, when you're lost and you're driving, you're like, "Oh, I just, um, I just wonder
if there's a place nearby called Stockton," and then someone goes there, "Oh, yeah, it's
just down the road there on the left.
Stockton."
Ah, treat you.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, they feel like there is.
Well, we're driving.
Can I give you one more fact?
Yeah.
Last one.
Ari Toon's Saminson writes, "During the Second World War, Citroen," like French...
Ah, manufacturing.
Another omelette?
Yes.
Citroen was forced to manufacture T-45 trucks for the German military.
Right?
You see the factory, whatever.
But sabotage them in an unbelievably ingenious way.
How?
Um, they put the R and the number five on the gearbox in the wrong place.
Oh, my God.
So every time you think you're going into the top gear, you actually go into reverse.
And then the engine just jumps out of the bonnet and you thought, "Yeah, yeah, do you know
what?
That's a really good idea."
They painted fake tunnels on the side of cliffs.
That's it.
[laughs]
Um, they...
No seatbelts.
Oh, that's good.
[laughs]
They're just like...
Is that a trick?
Yeah.
Oh, well, we can't drive these.
They swapped all the omelettes on the Citroen for a diaria.
Yep.
That's it.
[laughs]
Um, it's...
Your first one, James, was actually extremely close.
Oh.
What was the first one you said?
Something about reverse?
Oh, yeah.
Just a little thing of the design that actually makes it really hard to drive.
So this is what they did.
They...
They have dipsticks, right, showing how low the level of oil is in the engine.
They simply moved the notch that marked full, several points down, so you'd fill it up
to the point where it looks like it's full, but the dipstick has been altered and actually
there's not nearly enough oil in the engine and then it breaks down.
That would work, but I mean, I've literally never checked my oil and I haven't broken down
yet, so...
They can go for a few years, can't they?
My first car I never checked the oil and it did break down and actually it cost me a
thousand pounds to get a new engine and when I got the new engine they said, "Yeah,
you should have checked your oil."
Okay, so some people have been scuffed by it.
I was Nazi though.
Yeah.
For fishy France, I think co-drivers must be changing the oil for me, actually, come to think
of it.
Also, I've got an electric car.
Right, yeah, yeah.
I mean, don't check the oil.
I don't know what you're checking.
Checking something.
Yeah, anyway, I just thought that was an ingenious trick.
Yeah, it was a trick.
And that brings us to the end of your facts, but now we're going to dish out some facts
to you because if you join Clubfish, patreon.com/clubfish, and friend of the podcast level, you
will become the sponsor, the owner, the curator of one of our headline facts in perpetuity.
And we're going to dish out a bunch of those right now.
So let's get into it.
Who's got a fact they want to give out to a curatee?
I have got one.
This is now under the curatorship of Joseph Levin, any relations to the character from
Anna Karenina.
We don't know.
I fancy your brother, Joseph.
Can I just say a curatee, I think, is the fact?
Yep.
Cool.
Just checking.
And I'm sure Tolstoy would find that very attractive as well.
And actually, it's a literary fact.
It is that J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis once went to a party dressed as polar bears.
It was not a fancy dress party, brilliant.
I totally remember the story behind that.
I think there were just pranksters weren't they?
Yeah.
They were just like doing stuff like that.
They were always chasing each other around having a funny old time.
Yeah.
This fact is to go under the guardianship of Katie with a Y. And it's about Agatha Christie.
Another literary.
Agatha Christie thought Hercule Poirot was a detestable, bombastic, tiresome, egocentric,
little creep.
Yep.
I have a question.
The word bombastic is that a negative thing because Shaggy was Mr. Bombastic and that
was a positive thing for him.
That's a really good point.
It's a big context dependent, doesn't it?
I would say it's only context dependent in that song that he's made it positive.
But I've never heard it be positive outside of it.
I just never hear it.
I don't ever say it.
You're being so bombastic.
I just don't ever hear that.
Do you think maybe Shaggy was being self-deprecating?
Yeah.
Definitely.
That's his style, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It means inflated, purely, given extra importance that it doesn't deserve.
I agree.
So that's Poirot.
I didn't know that.
Oh, right.
I wouldn't have, you know, with a gun to my head, I wouldn't have been able to tell
you what bombastic meant.
Oh, wow.
I'm sorry.
You're dead now.
Yeah, bombastic is always a negative thing.
He's very bombastic.
Well, I've never heard it be used.
Right.
OK.
Well, that way as well.
I think that's fair enough about Poirot.
I think he was.
OK.
I'm not.
I don't.
The great books.
I just don't like Poirot.
The Poirot is a bit annoying, isn't he?
Yeah.
He's meant to be annoying in the books.
Yeah, yes.
She wrote him.
She's done a good job.
No, but she doesn't like him.
It's OK.
Or make him like him about it.
I don't think he would have been as good a character if he was likeable.
I think if he was tall and non-detestable and, you know, fascinating and brilliant and humble,
he'd be Jack Reacher.
And the books would have been all the better for it.
So what Jack Reacher's like?
He's like humble.
No, he's pretty proud of himself.
Yeah, he's pretty pleased with himself.
I think if Poirot was more like Shaggy, they would have been much better books, Mr. Love
I love that coming in, solving all the crimes.
Very good.
All right, this one goes out to Fabian Taylor, and it's the fact that before he invented
the television, John Logie Baird invented a pair of socks to wear under your socks.
Oh, yeah.
This is the Baird under sock.
Yeah.
And it was...
Are you getting trench-fucked?
Hey, Mrs. Toppy getting trench-fucked and it was sprinkled with a chemical that soaked
up the moisture.
So it was for the first one, ball-soldier, obviously.
No more than one.
Yeah.
The one guy who was fighting against it, why you keep hitting yourself?
Yeah, and they were a terrible failure, so he was forced to go off an event TV instead,
which was a big success.
Imagine if all we'd had, if we just sat in front of an old sock every evening, for two
hours with our partners staring at it blankly.
Do you want to go out to the restaurant toilet?
No, not really.
Let's say in the look at the old sock.
Okay, here is another fact.
This one is under the custodianship of Kenneth Fandenberg, Kenneth, your fact might be shorter
than your name, because the fact is bananas emit antimatter.
Oh, what a fact.
Yeah.
I think that was one of your facts.
What's one of my facts?
Yeah.
They're radioactive?
They're radioactive, yeah.
They're radioactive.
One always thinks they're going to overdose on potassium if they have more than two.
They're the shape of a penis.
You slip on their skins.
Poor old bananas.
I've never heard anyone slacking off bananas.
I'm defending bananas.
I think it was a fact had to come from it, really.
Why does everyone give you such a bad name?
You're a bumbastic.
They're radioactive, and as part of that radioactivity, they give off antimatter.
Which is good, because really antimatter is what stops the whole universe from imploding,
is it one of those?
It is.
We've got the same amount of matter on antimatter, and if we had one more banana, the whole universe
would implode.
That's correct, James.
That's exactly right.
Again, I think you're giving them a bad name.
I've got a fact here for Sasha Goldberg.
This is that Slovenia's largest lake, Lake Kirknica, disappears every year.
There you go, Sasha.
I think it was this one of your facts.
Yes.
Is this after you just been to Slovenia?
James.
Wow.
Yes, which I'd loved, by the way, highly recommend as a holiday destination, but Lake Kirknica,
yes, it vanishes and then reappears, doesn't it?
I think it got a special name, that kind of lake, but it sinks through.
It sinks through spongy things.
It's on Swiss trees, rock, basically, and it does, so did you get to see it?
Or not see it?
No, I didn't.
I've got to not see it.
Did you go to the place where it wasn't?
I didn't go to the place.
You didn't even go to the place where it wasn't, so you didn't even get to not see it.
No, here's what I did.
I went to Slovenia, had a lovely holiday, and then the airport in the way home, I thought,
"Oh, shit, I better find a fact about Slovenia for next week."
And I googled it.
Perfect.
Yeah, that's good, isn't it?
That's really good.
Was this the one that worked?
Because I know they have alms in those caves in Slovenia.
Oh, yes.
Was this the one where you brought an alm to the table?
I bought a cuddly alm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's that long ago?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're brilliant little, blind little caveworms, lizard things,
they prefer lizard.
They're a bit endangered, and they're lovely, and the caves of Slovenia are fantastic,
which is not a slight on the above ground experiences you can have in Slovenia, it's just
that the caves are really good.
Here's another fact.
This one goes out to Caloby, and it's that.
In 2015, half the world's cigars suddenly died, and nobody knew why.
Now, what's the ciger here you ask?
It's a kind of antelope.
And there was this disaster in Kazakhstan, where half of them died.
And nobody knew what.
But I'm pleased to report that the populations have been improving a great deal since the last
assessment.
I sometimes checked on the site because I've always thought, God, that is terrible, but they
are somehow coming back.
Yeah, yeah.
Great.
Which is great news for you.
Quite an international episode.
This isn't it with the Slovenian lakes and the Kazakhs.
Yes.
Until oops.
Which exotic bit of the world are we going to go to next with our fact?
Well, we'll see.
Oh, I can't wait.
Neil Merrick.
Exotic or not.
What it is, Barbastryzen has a shopping mall built for her sole use under her house.
Lovely.
By a presence of elimination, you can work out whose fact this was anyway.
And when I was in Chongqing, I went about, I think it was about a two mile walk, but it
was raining.
And I did it by going from one shopping mall to the next shopping mall to the next shopping
mall because there's so many of them.
And they're so big and they go across so many different streets.
That's a dystopian vision, you've just created.
It was crazy.
And then you go to another, like you cross over and then you be in another mall that was
all themed for Garfield.
And then you go in another one and it's like, ah, now it's just a load of Chinese street
food.
It was just the weirdest thing ever.
Okay.
I'm hearing action film that go is all in a mall.
In fact, that's the title of the film.
You mean the fall cop.
Is it?
Okay.
I'm hearing that it's been done.
I mean, there is a movie called Volkoff.
There's a movie called Volkoff.
I think it might be a couple in the mall cop, uh, um, it's called Paul something called
Blatt.
And in fact, there's a podcast where two guys watch it every week for a year and slowly
go and say, um, okay, well, you lost me on a lot of this subject matter.
You know, those, um, you know, those podcasts where two bloaks watch a terrible movie and
slowly go insane.
Yeah.
There's a few of them around, right?
Do you think that you making all these cop shows in the future might be seeding that industry
even more?
I hope so.
I like to think I'm giving something back when people are settling down for the 98th viewing
of Tiberius Cop.
I think they'll be grateful for the creative genius who was behind on this stuff.
Anyway, it's Trison'd.
Lovely.
Yeah.
One more.
Got a fact here.
For Richard Hodgson, Richard, take this fact home with you.
Look after it.
Well, this fact is that fish who work as cleaners can cheat their bosses and their bosses can
punish them.
Yeah.
The cleaner, the rass, rass fish, isn't it?
Cleaner fish who go who like sit on other fish and clear up the dirt and filth on them.
Clean their teeth to their little skin, the go into their mouth.
It's so cool.
Fish cleaning stations.
It's like a service station.
Yeah.
I think is this the episode where Anna told us the anecdote is when she put her grotty
feats inside one of those places where fish nibble your feet and I can't remember what
happened, but if you're feeling it was like, you know, when a volcano goes off and all the
fish sort of floats at the top, I imagine it was like that.
They're not grotty feet.
They're delicious feet.
According to the cleaner fish that were in the tank and that refused to die on anyone
else's feet and had me asked to remove my feet so that other people could have a turn.
So what was it they can cheat their bosses and their bosses can tell them off?
They actually sometimes toss off a bit and they instead of eating the parasites, they
should be eating.
They just eat some mucous off the face of the fish.
They're meant to be cleaning.
And the fish wants to keep the mucous.
I think so.
Yeah.
So that's actually they're getting one over on their boss by eating mucous.
Doesn't sound like a great job.
But there we go.
All right.
That's it.
That's all of your new friend of the podcast, fact custodian facts.
Thanks once again to the new curators of these facts and that is Richard Neil, Colobie,
Escher, Kenneth Fabian, Katie and Joseph.
That's it for this episode of Little Fish.
We'll be back in a few days with another big no such thing as a fish.
See you then.
[MUSIC]